Hey, we are all boyfriend and girlfriend
You don't have to be so polite.
I know you don't like me.
That's okay.
that
Well, we won't talk about half a year
Just three months.
How about three months?
You just promise to be my boyfriend for three months
We break up
OK
Well, then you can take care of Auntie.
I'll go first
Feel free to contact if you have anything.
What is he trying to do?
You don't really like me, do you?
Hello, the takeout for you by Miss Sheng has arrived.
Please pour one on the first floor
A small gift to express your gratitude.
Did you watch this video?
Sheng Nuan turned out to be innocent.
It usually seems harmless.
I didn't expect it to be so obvious
Sheng Nuan is really beautiful and sad
His slap was too handsome, didn't he?
It turned out that the video was released.
Didn't you say you want me to give something in exchange?
This duplicitous man
Mr. Sun and so on
I'm sorry about what happened last time, Brother Sheng
I shouldn't have pushed you
But please believe me.
I really wanted to separate you at the time
Pushing you is unintentional
It's okay, forget it.
Then forgive me.
I mean, forget it.
He really doesn't like me anymore